Create missing data import docs (#1882)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/202212.0/import-and-export-data/file-details-company-business-unit.csv.md

---
title: "File details: company_business_unit.csv"
description: Use the company_business_unit.csv file to configure information about company accounts in your Spryker shop.
template: data-import-template
last_updated: Jun 1, 2023
related:
  - title: Execution order of data importers in Demo Shop
    link: docs/scos/dev/data-import/page.version/demo-shop-data-import/execution-order-of-data-importers-in-demo-shop.html
---

This document describes the `company_business_unit.csv` file to configure information about [business units](docs/pbc/all/customer-relationship-management/{{page.version}}/company-account-feature-overview/business-units-overview.html) in your Spryker shop.

## Import file dependencies

> [TODO: Add dependencies if any; remove the section otherwise]

Author: resolve todo

## Import file parameters

> | PARAMETER | REQUIRED |  TYPE | DESCRIPTION |

Author: Review the table; make sure that the REQUIRED, TYPE, AND DESCRIPTION fields contain correct information.

| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | company_key |&check;| string | Company identifier of the busines unit.|
> | business_unit_key |&check;| string | Business unit identifier.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| company_key |&check;| string |  Internal data import identifier of the company.|
| business_unit_key |&check;| string |  Internal data import identifier of the company business unit. |
```

| name | &check; | string | Business unit name. |
| email | &check; | string | Business unit email. |
| phone | &check; | string | Business unit phone number. |

> | external_url | | string | Link to the buisness unit. |

Reviewer: I don't know what this field is used for, it's better to clarify it with the PO department.

> | external_url | | string | Link to the buisness unit. |

Author: ```suggestion
| external_url | | string | Link to internal or external resources related to the business unit. |
```
